www.speedmaster.com.br five minutes of
spiritism for reflection
Have you ever been to a football stadium?
Have you ever watched a match?
reasonably important then you already
heard the corner the manifestation of the fans
are thousands of men and
women of all ages
each as a different voice
the volume is a tiger each voice with its
particularities but the voice of the crowd is
one
the voices of all together form a voice
The only one that is the voice of the fans
The same phenomenon happens with our
thoughts
we are many billions of spirits
embodied and disembodied interning
on this planet each with the moral level
and each with different intellectual
their knowledge and experience
nobody thinks exactly like anyone
but the sum of the thoughts of all
form a thing only a kind of mass
psychic that surrounds the earth in a
soccer
the crowd is united around a
goal to win the match
everyone wants the same voice and they join
in the same corner in the same cry
television has the power to unite millions
of people at the same time around
an idea of ​​a fact of an event
what do you think happens when
television is broadcasting and
accompanying incessantly a
tragedy television loves tragedies nothing
I learned as much audience as one
scandalous ae bloody tragedy
Do you often follow these tragedies?
televisions
rapes kidnappings crimes of passion
catastrophes and major accidents
You're the one who's lamenting for
there is no death penalty for
certain criminals
you follow step by step the
investigations the nasty details the
desperate testimonials
know that your attention contributes to the
end of the case you join the millions
of other people with thoughts
similar to the heavens and the sum of these
thoughts directly interferes with the
fact progress sentiment propagates
energy that fuels the psychic mass that
be in the same line
the anger and sadness that you emit
added to millions of other feelings
similar Hindus and stimulates
collective behaviors
you are responsible for your
thoughts
by the law of attraction the thoughts
similar groups group together and you tend
attract you more and more thoughts
of the same tune
You know it all starts with
thought
it is the starting point of all that
there can not underestimate their
importance what you get
accompanying the television tragedies
what television has offered as useful
and constructive
Did you ever notice how people walk?
scared and distant from reality
spiritual
Did you already realize the
irresponsibility that accompanies a
real-time hijacking
radiating thoughts of fear and
anguish
Do you think that your thinking does not have
no influence on the outcome of the
case
the same thing happens when a
catastrophe or a major accident
proportions
Do you follow the work of
rescue and suffering of victims
if you feel in any way
involved in the case for empathy or
compassion look at the people
imitate positive thoughts and
peacemakers mentally ask that the
people who are disembodied in these
conditions that are able to perceive its
new state that complies with your
situation that are well received in the
other plan and to adapt the
easily possible but do not get
feeding the psychic mass of anguish
and pain
if you have already witnessed an accident
for example you know that the
curious only hinder
rescue people who are with
make a tense and heavy environment
keep a close eye on television
it also gets in the way you think mass
psychic generated by feelings
negatives does not disturb the spirits.
discarnates who work in the
people are more and more afraid
most of the time this fear is
unwarranted
are people who let themselves be influenced
by the bloody news
are people who believe that crime
that the slightest carelessness
a tragedy can happen
today it is common for people to be
diagnosed with the disorder of the
panic
experts say there are reports of
symptoms dating back to ancient times
it is undeniable that it is a disease
modern as depression
will the massification of the beams
the discretion provided by television
has nothing to do with the growth of this
disease
do not waste your precious time ahead
the television
do not accept what they want you to do
Believe it to be true.
think for yourself analysis by yourself
same
life is not what they show no
we live in a sea of roses but each one
of us
just what real life has to offer
every day
No one needs more trouble
crimes and tragedies
Do you work on your intimate makeover?
so it's time to try to control
your thoughts and with the television
connected
It may not be very easy.
www.speedtv.com.br five minutes
spiritism for reflection